- [Instructor] So now let's go ahead and test the scenario.
Let's make a class under the tests folder.
Let's call it TestCustomCreator.
Let's grab the main method, psvm.
Let's create an empty Jsonb instance.
.create
So once you get that instance, what you're going to do is,
if you observe, this is our project folder,
and we have saved the order details file.
So this is a JSON document.
Now, we're going to read this JSON representation
and then employ the custom creator for that.
Okay.
So let's go to the code.
Let's say jsonb.fromjson
And we'll employ the file reader to read that file,
which will demand a file object.
So we'll do that.
And it'll also demand the path of the object,
so that will be orderdetails.txt
And, of course, the type will be OrderDetails this time.
OrderDetails.class
That's what we have to mention.
Okay.
And what we'll also do is we'll take the output of this
inside an OrderDetails object.
That's what we have to check, correct?
So ...
Okay.
Now, since we are reading the file,
of course it's going to throw the checked exception.
It's an IO operation,
so let's surround the statement with try catch.
All right.
And then, let's come on line number 27.
After we get the deserialized object out of that file,
we are going to say sys out,
and we'll check whether we're getting
the address object constructed correctly.
That will be getShippingAddress
Okay.
Let's run this and check for ourselves.
Yes.
Do you see?
Every JSON property in that document is correctly mapped
to the respective property in my address object.
And this address object was created
out of that custom constructor.
So now, your properties can come
in any fashion that you may want in your JSON document,
but it is up to you to have those complex constructions
the way we did on line number 31
so that all the JSON values
correctly fit in your bin hierarchies.
So that's how you employ a custom constructor.